hello forest again with you and it will go
today about the long-awaited release
version 5 code in the main task
development team
became the translation of fashion into another language
programming many users don't
knew about it but really was
done a lot of work and future
will benefit and new opportunities
for this reason, the entire patch 089
gaming of tanks on the official site
version available for download
suffix test but despite this mod
works without any complaints
release for version 0 8 10 will be released as
only all changes will be made but
already available for download nightly
a test version of a working them you can
use will not go into
I will note the details only the most interesting
visual highlights added in version 5
besides the above several new products
concerning login window available options
login file.
xn skip introductory video
automatic entry into the game
as well as automatic confirmation
playing old replays is important and
a noticeable change occurred in the format
The name of the tank files delved into the names. xt
named f40 hp.
xl it affected the fact that on the minimap
missing circles that were tied to
specific tank models such as the circle
review range guns and
other moments where names are used
tanks in fashion
it turns out that it will have something
redo and most simple on my
a glance method is take two files from
archive with the mod folder of the doggie default and
replace them with your own and afterwards open
them and manually make changes if
of course they were made
regarding standards
in addition localization has been added
for brazilian japanese
variants of the portuguese romanian
Bulgarian Danish
Italian Norwegian Slovak
Turkish and Serbian
various macros have been added
empowering for
editing such as medium level
player 's platoon
tank level arabic or roman
numbers tank class
as well as the minimum and maximum
I would like to note the level of tank battles
that programmers to their always
try to do something new
useful for you but unfortunately they
highly dependent on data obtained from
wargaming and therefore often with new
update the game adds a new
job optimization already existing
functions mod hope you have learned for
yourself useful information thanks for
attention and see you soon